# Vaccine_Hesitancy_DAP_ProjectI
In this project, I used Python's analytics and visualization tools to conduct my investigation. As Covid-19 vaccines have become available, policy makers are striving to distribute them to the masses across US. However, vaccine coverage has remained low in certain states. US government is trying to narrow down the reasons of this disparity. I was inspired to look into the factors that may be responsible for it and if there was some correlation with ethnicity of the community. For this, I acquired my dataset from CDC which contained percent population of each ethnicity across US states and counties and also contained the CVAC index for each of these counties. CVAC index was meticulously developed to measure the expected difficulties a county might face in getting vaccinated based on several themes. I compared how different counties occupied by people from different ethnicities were vulnerable to inadequate vaccine coverage.
Here are the links to my datasets-
https://data.cdc.gov/Vaccinations/Vaccine-Hesitancy-for-COVID-19-County-and-local-es/q9mh-h2tw/data
https://vaccine.precisionforcovid.org
(Inside the second link, there is another link as we scroll down - "Download the Data Spreadsheet". I downloaded my second dataset from here. Its an excel file containing several sheets. I used the "County_CVAC" sheet and converted it to csv file. This dataset was merged with vaccination dataset obtained from CDC website above. County_CVAC contains scores for 5 different themes across all counties. CVAC score is a composite score obtained from these 5 scores. I tried to see how people of different ethnicity living in different counties in the same state can face different barriers to getting vaccinated as per these themes.
